README.md, before:

# AngularSoundBoard

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.0.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

* Add packaging for Linux and All * Update README

README.md, after:

# AngularSoundBoard

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.0.8. It is a dashboard
of several funny sounds that can be used at home or in the office. Have fun with it!

## Development server

Run `ng serve` or `npm run start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

### Angular Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

### Electron App Build

Run `npm run electron-build` to build and run with electron. Note: the app will not automatically reload when changes
to the source files are made.

### Electron Package Build

Run `npm run package:win` to build a desktop app for Windows.
Run `npm run package:linux` to build a desktop app for Linux.
Run `npm run package:all` to build a desktop app for All distributions and architectures.

The electron package build artifacts will be stored in the `packages/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
